Objective
Learn how to extract information and visualize it using command-line tools and Spark

Guideline
This is a team project assignment. Form a group of two students using the People tab on Canvas.
In this assignment, you will perform data analysis on a dataset (or multiple related datasets) of your choice.
You can choose any dataset.
Some examples here: 
	https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets.phpLinks to an external site.
	https://www.kaggle.com/datasetsLinks to an external site.
	https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~jmcauley/datasets.htmlLinks to an external site.
	https://datasetsearch.research.google.com/Links to an external site.
Decide the project objective(s): What do you want to tell using the data?
Collect metadata of the dataset(s)
	The number of entries
	Features
	Value ranges (mean, percentile, ...)
Extract "nontrivial" information from the dataset. It is REQUIRED to use Spark MLlib. 
	What can you say from the data?
	Any interesting data trends that cannot be easily guessed or can be used to justify some hypothesis?
Visualize the data (at least TWO types of nontrivial plots)
	Consider: Violin/Box Plots, Histogram, Density Plot, Correlation Matrix, Hexagonal Binning
	Get some plot ideas from: https://github.com/rougier/scientific-visualization-bookLinks to an external site.

Submission
Put all command files (command history, awk/sed files, shell script, Spark codes...) into the a5 directory and push to your GitHub repo.
Create presentation slides (up to 5 pages) including
	(1) your project objectives
	(2) dataset metadata
	(3) Summary paragraph(s) explaining the information you found through data manipulation
	(4) A brief explanation about the tools (commands/Spark code logic) you used for this project
	(5) Two plots 
Submit the git clone link and the PDF file to Canvas.

Presentation
We will have a mandatory poster presentation session on July 30.

							Criteria										Ratings	Pts
Metadata
Data statistics are clearly shown, using key metrics
																		2 pts
Nontrivial findings
Finds hidden patterns and/or Provides analytical support for a claim that is not obvious from a quick look.
																		2 pts
Command explanation
The logic flow is well summarized in the PDF poster. (Not only listing command names but summarizing the steps.)
																		2 pts
Two meaningful plots
A "meaningful" plot should provide new information or insight, which cannot be obtained by looking at values in the dataset table.
																		2 pts
GitHub repo
The repo is organized for reproducibility.
																		2 pts
																     Total Points: 10
